h1. Textpattern CMS plugin archive

This repository contains current and historical versions of plugins for "Textpattern CMS":http://textpattern.com. Plugins are used to extend the functionality of the core Textpattern code.

h2. Contributing

To make changes to existing plugins, or to add new ones, start by "forking the repository":https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo. Then, make the required changes to your fork. When you're done, raise "a pull request":https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests.

Alternatively, if you have a GitHub account but don't wish to make the changes yourself, open a new issue with details of the plugins you can offer or are seeking.

If you _don't_ have a GitHub account and wish to contribute, post in "this support forum thread":http://forum.textpattern.com/viewtopic.php?pid=287618#p287618 and we'll figure it out.

h3. Directory layout

Plugins should follow the same directory structure. All plugins live beneath the @plugins@ directory. The three-letter developer identifier should be used, along with the name of the plugin and the version number. From there, a ready-to-use version should be made available for Textpattern, along with a decoded version and any accompanying files (supplementary CSS, JavaScript, licence and readme files, etc). For example, the (fictitious) @xmp_example@:

@/plugins/xmp/xmp_example/1.0/dist@ &ndash; Ready-to-use, base64-encoded text
@/plugins/xmp/xmp_example/1.0/files@ &ndash; Accompanying files, if available and appropriate

h3. To do

Lots. In no particular order, and not complete:

* finalise plugin description format (JSON, Textile, etc)
* fine-tune workflow for filling/requesting
* add opt-out for author and/or plugin
* choose best format for help tet